Update google_translate.markdown (#17065)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/google_translate.markdown

  - tts
---

> The `google_translate` text-to-speech platform uses the unofficial [Google Translate Text-to-Speech engine](https://translate.google.com/) to read a text with natural sounding voices.  Contrary to what the name suggests, ths integration only does text-to-speech and does not translate messages sent to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `google_translate` text-to-speech platform uses the unofficial [Google Translate Text-to-Speech engine](https://translate.google.com/) to read a text with natural sounding voices. Contrary to what the name suggests, the integration only does text-to-speech and does not translate messages sent to it.
```

{% configuration %}
language:
  description: "The default speech language to use."
  required: false
  type: string
  default: "`en`"
{% endconfiguration %}

Check the [complete list of supported languages](https://translate.google.com/intl/en_ALL/about/languages/) (languages where "Talk" feature is enabled in Google Translate) for allowed values.
Use the 2 digit language code which you can find at the end of URL when you click on Language name.

> Check the [tts platform documentation](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/tts/) for general text-to-speech options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For more information about using text-to-speech with Home Assistant and more details on all the options it provides, see the [TTS documentation](/integrations/tts/).
```
